index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Welcome
---

The best technology is useless without trust.

While data, cloud, and AI move at a relentless pace, the biggest challenge in tech isn't implementation—it's human connection. As a Systems Engineering Manager at Pure Storage, I’ve realized that mastery isn't just knowing the tech; it's mastering the pre-sales process.

I’m Dmitry Gorbatov, and this blog is dedicated to untangling the complexities of technical sales strategy. Here, we move past the specs and dive deep into best practices, human-centered deal design, and the emotional intelligence required to lead and win.

Don't worry, we'll maintain our technical edge. You'll still find practical, deep-dive content on Pure Storage, hybrid cloud strategies, and infrastructure insights right alongside our discussions on high-EQ selling. Join me as we explore both the skills and the systems that drive breakthrough results.

<img src="/assets/images/homepage/dmitry-was-here.jpg" alt="Banner alt text" width="400">

Commit message:

Announce blog move to Substack and invite participation
Updated the blog's introduction to announce the move to Substack and encourage engagement.

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Welcome
---

# 🚚 We’re Moving (Well… Mostly)

If you’re reading this, you’re probably looking for comments, reactions, or a way to join the conversation.

Plot twist:  
I lost a prolonged and humbling battle with browser security, iframes, and modern web “protections.”  
(Inter-frame security: 1, Dmitry: 0)

So this blog is **moving / has moved** to a new home where discussion is easier and participation is encouraged.

👉 **New home:** https://dmitrywashere.substack.com/

I’ll still keep this site around for reference, archives, and the occasional experiment, but **new posts and active discussion will live on Substack**.

If you’d like to:
- comment
- ask questions
- disagree respectfully
- or just follow along

**Subscribe there (it’s free).**

Same topics, same curiosity, same occasional overthinking:
- technology & architecture  
- value selling and pre-sales realities  
- Systems Engineer experiences  
- home-lab tinkering  

Thanks for reading, and thanks for following me to the new neighborhood.

— Dmitry  
#dmitrywashere


<img src="/assets/images/homepage/dmitry-was-here.jpg" alt="Banner alt text" width="400">
